Good morning, family.
I’m going to talk to you about the time when Jesus woke me up in the middle of the night and ministered to me.
This was around October 2014, and this experience forever changed my life.
I feel in my heart that when I first started on YouTube, I tried to tell you all what he said, and I thought I would do it again because it gets buried by the algorithm.
Nobody sees it, especially all the new faces here.
I want to tell you because this was an experience I had with him that changed my life forever.
I was sleeping when, all of a sudden, I felt a tap on my right shoulder.
I was just laying in bed on my side and I heard an audible voice say, 'Wake up.
' I looked over, and Jesus was standing in my room.
Most people will ask, 'Was this a vision?
' No, this was not a vision.
This was real; he manifested in my house.
This was one of the only times it was not an open vision.
This was a face-to-face experience with him touching my shoulder and waking me up.
It startled me so much because when you're waking up and rubbing your eyes, you don't recognize things immediately.
I looked over and saw Jesus standing there.
I felt his glory and presence and thought, 'Am I dying?
' My initial reaction was that I was going home and he was coming to get me.
But he said, 'I've come to answer your prayers.
' I asked, 'Lord, what's happening?
' All of a sudden, I looked at my floor, and it was alive.
The glory of the Lord was so strong in my house that the floor was breathing.
A portal opened in my floor.
I flipped my feet over the side of my bed and sat there looking at that portal below my feet.
Jesus was standing right there at my right hand.
I was looking at this portal, and it was alive; I could feel the air breathing.
It was blowing my hair.
I could feel the breeze from the portal.
It was moving like a whirlpool, with light moving down and up like a waterfall.
My wife was sleeping next to me and never knew any of this happened; she was out cold.
I said, 'Lord, what do you want me to do?
' He said, 'I want you to jump inside that portal.
' I said, 'You want me to jump?
' He said, 'Brandon, trust me.
' I looked at him because this was all happening so fast and it was shocking.
Jesus was standing there in a beautiful white robe, and his hair was flowing because the air from the portal was moving it.
I said, 'Okay, Lord.
' All of a sudden, I pushed myself off the edge of the bed and went straight down into that tunnel.
It was like Mario Brothers on the Nintendo when you go into the tunnel and they transported you to another part.
That's what it felt like.
When I jumped inside of that hole, I was taken to the past.
I was standing at a hospital where my wife and I had our daughter, Megan.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm giving you a chance.
You've asked me and asked me to go back in time.
You always ask, "Lord, if I could just go back in time to when she got her shot and stop that, I could keep her from getting this severe autism.
"' I’ve always said that I would clean the bathrooms of the church or vacuum the halls if I could just go back in time and warn myself.
If I could just give myself the opportunity to tell myself not to do that, because it wrecked my life the way it has.
I wished I could have a redo.
He said, 'I'm going to give you the time to go and change the future.
I want you to go and tell yourself.
' I ran up the stairs to the fourth floor of the doctor's office.
I busted through the doors and saw my younger self sitting there with my daughter and my wife.
They were getting ready to administer the shot.
I said 'Stop!
' just like that.
I froze, and the younger me froze.
I told the nurse to stop and told my younger self, 'Don't do it.
' All of a sudden, Jesus came and said, 'I want to show you the power of a choice.
' He threw his hand open and put a screen up in front of my face.
Everything froze in time, and he showed me a future where Megan didn't get that shot.
He painted it all out in front of me for each year.
He said, 'Brandon, I want to show you what happened by this choice.
' I told him, 'Lord, you've called me to be a healing evangelist, but I can't pray for people because I'll look like a hypocrite while my own daughter is still overcome.
I've laid hands on her probably a thousand times and never felt the anointing go into her.
' I’ve always kept this private.
I wouldn't even let anyone say the word 'autistic.
' I would want to fight you if you did because faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
I didn't even let the doctors diagnose her at first because I was so upset; I didn't want them speaking those words because life and death are in the power of the tongue.
I got really flaky about it because I was scared of the diagnosis and didn't want anyone speaking anything over my child.
I'm telling you all, it was bondage.
And she would rock in the corner and scream at night all night long after it happened.
I'm telling you, it was literal hell on earth for years before I would allow them to diagnose her and for her to get help through therapies and stuff, because I was believing God by faith because I'm the big healing evangelist and because of all these prophecies that were given over my life.
So here I am.
The Lord threw all this out in front of me and he said, "Brandon, I want to show you what happens with Megan.
" Now, Megan is developing normally, but you're not changing.
The pressure from her circumstance changes you.
It puts you through the refiner's fire.
And he told me, "Brandon, I did not do this.
I did not cause her to be autistic, but whatever the devil meant for bad, I will turn it for good in your favor.
And no matter how bad the circumstance is, I will always turn it for good in your favor.
Whatever the devil meant for bad for you.
" But he said, "I'm not the one that caused the autism.
It's a fallen world.
Things happen.
You know what I'm saying?
" That's the way he painted the picture to me.
I want to say exactly what he said, but it's been so long that I'm forgetting some of the words, so you have to just bear with me here.
I'm painting the picture of how Jesus told me.
So he painted the picture in front of me and I went from year to year.
He said, "Brandon, do you see right here?
You have a lot of anger issues that you're still overcoming.
" And he said, "You were very verbally abusive to your wife," which I was.
I belittled her a lot when I first got married.
I was young and stupid and I didn't handle myself like I should.
And he said, because of this right here, it develops a wall between you and your wife over the course of time.
Megan's developing normally, but he said your wife leaves you right here—and he pointed out the year, which is nobody's business—but he told me, "She is going to leave you right here and she takes your daughter and they move to Texas.
" And he said, "And you see her every two weeks on the weekends.
You don't have full custody because she moves and lives with her mom.
Whenever this takes place, you see her on the weekends.
" And he said, Diana gets remarried to another man.
And he showed me the man and said, "This is when your wife gets remarried.
" And he said, "Then you become very bitter and angry because of the choices that you've made.
You're off track with your call and what I've called you to do because this is what's changing you.
All this pressure from having a child with special needs is molding your character.
It's breaking you down.
It's making you pliable in my hands.
Yes, the pressure—I did not do it, but I will use it.
" Does that make sense?
So I saw the pressure of my daughter every single year without having the pressure from this because she didn't have the autism anymore; she became normal and she became an adult.
And he said, "Brandon, your son was never born.
Your son that your wife has right now was never born, and your daughter that will be born in the future will not be born.
And there is a call on her life for the thousand years for things that I'm going to do with a thousand years.
There are things that are set in motion that will not be put in motion because of choices.
" He said, "You say that you've messed up your life and you can't be used now because of Megan.
" But he said, "Brandon, all things work together for good for those that love the Lord and are heirs and are called according to his purpose.
You're not big enough to mess up your life.
You're not big enough to derail your life.
" He said, "If you are in right standing with me and you keep yourself in right standing and seek me daily, building your relationship with me, I will take what the devil meant for bad and turn it for good in your favor.
There's not enough power in hell to derail the call on your life, son.
Even with how bad you feel you've messed up with this, I'll turn it around for good in your favor if you keep seeking me.
" So I want to tell you this.
Whenever he told me this, I saw each year play out before my face, up until that point.
My son wasn't born; my youngest daughter wasn't born.
All these bad decisions that I had made and the pressure I had from having a child with special needs had molded me to what I am today.
And God took what the devil meant for bad and he turned it around for good in my favor because it molded me and created a better person out of me.
If you've never been a caretaker of somebody with special needs whenever they're messing themselves or having their cycle or going through the hell that I went through in the beginning, the tears that I cried...
she only slept two hours a night.
It was awful.
And that lasted for years.
I would go to work and I would be so tired.
I'd fall asleep laying against the wall and I'd catch myself because I was so tired cleaning toilets, and I was barely making any money at all, living on food stamps for years.
I'm doing this and my wife is at home crying and I can't wait to get home.
I can't deal with this anymore because Megan was so bad.
And she'd say, "Can you come and relieve me and just get the car?
" because we only had one car, "and drive her around just so she'll fall asleep while you're driving around.
" Because we couldn't even get her to fall asleep in the house because even clothes—she didn't wear clothes for years because the touch of the clothing on her skin weirded her out and she'd have to take her clothes off.
Everybody was thinking, "Well, this kid's just wearing a diaper.
" We got her to where she'd wear a diaper in public because she didn't even want to have a diaper on, and so she'd try to be nude because she didn't want the texture of the diaper on.
So we had to get her to the point where she would just wear a diaper, and we were ecstatic about that.
Then we were ecstatic just to get a t-shirt on her, or one of those big princess dresses.
We tried to put one of those nightgowns on her, so she would walk around with a nightgown on.
It took us another year or so before we got her there.
And it was like all this time was pressure, pressure, pressure.
And it molds you.
And what happens with the diamond whenever that coal is under pressure?
It transforms into something so beautiful.
But without the pressure, it would never transform into what it was supposed to be.
Just like it is with a caterpillar.
You have a beautiful caterpillar in a cocoon.
And if you remove that cocoon before it's time and they don't have the strength—the monarch butterfly has the strength to push against that cocoon—it will never develop the strength to fly.
The pressure of the cocoon makes that caterpillar that turns into a butterfly into who it is.
And without that pressure on its life, it will never be what it's supposed to be because we think, "Well, we'll just remove that off of there.
" But if you remove that pressure of him trying to fight to get out of that, that caterpillar wouldn't be a beautiful monarch butterfly.
So, a lot of times I see what people go through.
They think that the storms of life are destroying them, but yet they're making them into who they are.
The pressure of life develops you into something great.
We think, 'God, can you remove this or that?
' But He tells you today, 'All things are possible to him that believes.
' And not only that, 'Son, I'm going to turn it around for good.
What the devil meant for bad, I'm going to turn for good in your favor.
' That's what He's trying to tell you all.
Don't always embrace it; fight and resist it.
Just like that caterpillar is up there fighting and that butterfly is going, 'I want out of this!
I want out of this!
' Fight spiritually against it.
Don't embrace it and coddle it.
Resist it.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
But when trials and things happen, we fight against them and we won't let them stay.
But the process of the fight is what changes us.
A lot of times it's the word; it's staying the course.
And in this situation, like I said, God did not do this.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
But the Bible says that He has come that we might have life, and life more abundantly.
But in this situation, it's what I needed obviously to develop who I was a little bit more.
And whenever it was all over, He preached me a sermon.
He encouraged me and told me there was a call on my life.
He told me that He was going to use me for ministry.
He told me that this pressure that I was going through at the time would subside, that the storms of life would not always be there with the intensity of what it was then, but that we would always go from glory to glory to glory and we mature and we are able to handle that pressure a little better.
There's more pressure now than I've ever had before.
But it's different.
It's different because we're going from glory to glory, and that potter is putting His hand on that clay and He's molding us.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
And if you think, 'Well, I've derailed my life.
I was a bad person.
I murdered, I raped, I robbed.
I did whatever, and God can't use me now,' or 'I was the victim of that,'—that's what I'm trying to say.
You say, 'I was the victim of a rape.
I was a victim of an abusive husband.
I was a victim of a sexually abusive father, or all these things, and I'm disqualified.
God can't use me.
I'm broken.
' What the devil meant for bad to destroy you, God will turn it around in your favor.
What was meant to try to derail and destroy you, He will take and turn into beauty from ashes.
And I'm telling you, don't give up on what you are believing for because those circumstances and that pain are what's going to help you to help somebody else that's walked through the pain and is walking through it right now.
You'll be able to minister to somebody and have compassion on them when somebody else won't.
Like somebody who's been diagnosed with something really bad and you were diagnosed with it and God healed you.
You have more compassion for that person, like I have for children with special needs.
When I see a child with special needs in the store or whatever, my spirit literally weeps for them with the compassion that I have towards families that are going through this and I pray for them.
I'm telling you, I have more compassion to pray for them than I have probably for anybody else because I've been through the pain.
And when you walk through the pain of something, you're able to help somebody else that's going through it because you've been there.
You've cried those tears.
You've held your head up through the storm and you can say to them, 'Hey, you can make it, too.
' And you may be going through the storm and thinking, 'Man, I don't know how I'm going to get through this.
I don't know how I'm going to breathe another minute.
' There were days I wanted to drive my car off the side of a bridge.
I didn't care if I got hit by a train.
That's how much pain I was going through on the way to work or on the way home because I knew what I was facing when I got there.
But I fought through it because I knew that God had a plan for my life.
But I'm talking about the darkest, darkest bottom of the pit, and you're thinking, 'I don't think I'm going to make this.
' There were days that were that dark.
I'm just being real with y'all.
You may not want to hear that, but it's real.
This is raw.
It's real, and you need to hear it.
There were days that I thought, while cleaning, and you didn't have enough money to buy a gallon of milk, and you're thinking, 'God, I don't know how I'm going to make it.
' Those days when you're crying yourself to sleep and nobody around you cares.
Nobody around you is praying for you.
You felt like you're all alone.
That's how I felt a lot of times.
I'd go to work, being there in the bathrooms by myself cleaning, hearing my wife cry, calling on the phone, crying, 'I need your help.
Pray for me.
I'm having a hard day with Megan.
I need this, I need that.
' I was having a hard time myself, trying to pick myself up from this, and you think inside, 'But God.
But God.
' My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus's blood and His righteousness.
I believe with all my heart that by the stripes of Jesus, Megan is healed.
And in the process of believing for the full manifestation—sometimes it's a process, but a miracle is a miracle.
Even if it's day-to-day, if you're seeing change, it's still a miracle.
Jesus...
sometimes it's a progressive thing.
I've seen it in my own life and I still believe, and I'm still standing.
And people say, 'Well, shouldn't you have your full manifestation yet?
' I've given up on trying to sit there and figure things out.
I trust Him.
In Him, I trust with all my heart, all my mind, all my soul, and all my strength.
I lean not unto my own understanding, but in all thy ways acknowledge Him, and He said, 'He shall direct your paths.
' I lean not unto my own understanding because I have a thousand and one things...
why...
you could get upset about it and say, 'Well, Lord, do you hear my prayers?
Lord, where are you at?
Why has the full manifestation of this not happened yet?
Why is she still not talking?
Why is she still doing this?
Why is she still doing that?
' But I say, 'I trust you, Father.
Not my will, but yours be done.
' When the manifestation comes—with the full manifestation, God—we give you all the glory, all honor, and all the praise regardless.
I choose to worship you.
And that's where we remain concerning these things.
I used to always complain, 'Like I said, I can't go out and lay hands on these people.
I can't do all this stuff.
' And the Lord said, 'Brandon, Megan does not validate my word in the manifestation of her healing.
My word validates itself.
It's a pillar and it stands alone.
I don't need Megan's full manifestation for you to go out and tell people that I'm a healer and lay hands on people and see them recover.
My word is enough.
I don't need you to have a full manifestation of something for you to do in obedience what I've called you to do.
Do what I called you to do and don't worry about the rest.
' My word is a pillar.
When He said, 'By my stripes you are healed,' in Galatians, Christ redeemed me from the curse of the law and He told me, He said, 'That's the foundation regardless.
' I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
So back to what I was saying right before, when I'm taken out of my body and I'm standing at the hospital in this portal, I went through all this stuff and He's doing all this, I could feel the sun.
I could feel the pressure.
I could see the strain, all of it.
And he said, this is what he said to me: 'Go back and give your daughter a hug and love on her and thank her right now for everything that's going on with your life.
Thank her.
Don't curse it anymore.
Just stay in an atmosphere of praise, not towards her, but towards me.
Change the complaining,' because I was complaining all the time.
I was complaining about, 'I don't like being, I don't want to raise this, I don't want to do that.
' I was always mean; my mouth was terrible, speaking things out of my mouth.
'I don't want to do this anymore.
I don't want to live this anymore.
' And I got to the point where I said, 'Thank you, Father.
Thank you.
' And then I got home and I held Megan.
I said, 'Megan, I love you.
I just want to tell you I love you and Daddy's sorry that I didn't hear Him right, but thank you.
Your life is changing me.
The Lord through you, Megan, is changing your daddy.
' That was hard.
The Lord through you is changing a man that needed help.
And I'm sorry I had to be like this, but I thank you for your life and I pray for you and it's going to get better.
But all things work together for good for those that love the Lord.
And some people may not want to hear that.
But sometimes people need to hear reality: whenever you're going through something and the storms of life are trying to knock you down, you've got to keep on keeping on and believe that all things are possible to him that believes and that Jesus is the healer still today—yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same God that healed the sick back then is healing the sick today.
And you cannot give up on what you're believing for.
Do not give up on your unsaved loved ones.
Do not give up on your unhealed ones that don't have the full manifestation of what they're believing for.
And some people say, 'Well, they died and they never got it.
' Well, why didn't they get it on this side?
I can't answer those questions.
I've seen people that I've been praying for and they don't get the full manifestation on this side.
People are devastated by it and they say, 'Well, God didn't love us.
God didn't do that.
' No, always stay on God's side.
No matter if you don't understand why you're going through what you're going through, stay on God's side.
Always see God as a good God.
Always.
No matter how hard the trial, no matter how much the pain, always stay on God's side.
Always praise God.
Always worship God through the storms of life.
And in that it becomes beautiful.
It will change you, not because it's not the truth, but because of the truth—God's truth.
God is love.
God loves you.
And yeah, things happen and things that are hard happen.
And if I would have heard the voice of the Lord not to get that and do that, I'd have been a real rascal still for what I saw.
But it was the pressure that changed me.
Could he have used another kind of pressure?
I'm sure he could have.
But it was an illustration of what he showed me about me.
And if anybody knew who I was back then, I'm not that same person anymore.
That person died a long time ago.
He's not alive like that anymore.
I had a lot of issues and the Lord has molded me and He has made me into who I am today, able to stand before you all and do what I'm doing today.
I just wanted to minister to you a little bit and to tell you, don't give up on your circumstance; you're not big enough to mess your life up.
You're not big enough.
No matter how much you think, 'Well, I was in prison for 20 years,' or 'I was doing this, I've done that,' you're not big enough to mess your life up.
The steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And whatever the devil meant for bad, the Lord will turn it around for good in your favor.
Remember that today.
And you've got to trust that He will.
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not unto your own understanding, but in all thy ways acknowledge Him and He said He would direct your path.
So let me encourage—what I said is fine, put it on a shelf.
But this is my life and I'm telling you what I've walked.
Everyone's into whatever the Lord's had for them, but I'm trying to tell you all what I've learned and how I'm growing and how we're all a work in progress.
So, Father, I thank you for every single person that is represented here today.
I thank you, Father, for your visitations and manifestations of your glory.
I thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
I thank you, Father, that you said in your word that you have a plan for us and you have a path for us and that we will find it.
Father, by seeking you daily, we will find it.
And you said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
' How much more, Father, that you are the great creator, the great Father that you are?
You have that beautiful plan planned out for every single one of us.
And it's not to harm us; it's not to hurt us.
And if the devil tries to throw a big log in our path and we stumble on it, Father, that you'll turn that into toothpicks that we can pick our teeth with.
I just know that you're so faithful.
I know, Father, that you have a plan for each and every single person here.
And God, as long as we have air and breath in our lungs and we have praise on our lips, I thank you, Father, that we praise you even in the storms.
We praise you in the good times.
We praise you in the hard times.
We praise you in the times that we feel like we're not going to make it, and we learn to praise you in all areas of our life, not just in the good.
But God, we praise you even greater in the dark times.
And we say, 'God is faithful and God is able to deliver us from this darkness.
God has done it and we will receive it now.
' Now God, I speak healing over their bodies—every single person who's believing for a creative miracle, from the top of their head to something that seemed to linger on forever.
There's always a suddenly; there's always a time whenever the manifestation of what you're believing for manifests.
And I believe that today is their day for their deliverance.
It's like he told me when I was in church a couple weeks ago.
He said, 'Brandon, why don't you believe me for now?
' Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
Never lose your now.
I believe for now.
Now is the healing over my daughter Megan.
Not in the tomorrow.
I believe for now.
Always keep your now.
So, Father, I thank you for now.
They are healed.
Their deliverance is now.
You've set them free from this.
That the suddenly is happening now.
That the manifestation of what they're believing for is happening now.
I thank you, Father.
It's not in the sweet by-and-by.
It's not tomorrow.
It's not the next day.
Faith calls those things that are not as though they were—now.
And we thank you, Father, for your healing and demonstrations and your manifestations of the glory.
We thank you, Lord, that you're the deliverer.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single one of them, over their marriages, over their homes, over their children, over their unsaved loved ones, and everything that they have need of.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that this is the time and this is the hour for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
We're believing you for big.
We're believing you for what the doctor said is impossible, and you're going to turn it around for good, Father.
So, we give you praise for it.
We give you glory for it.
And we thank you, Father, that today is the day that you have made and we'll rejoice and be glad in it.
No matter how dark it seems, Father, this is the day that the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Every single one of us, we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Father, I thank you for it in Jesus' name.
That's where you've got to stay, all y'all: always be rejoicing.
And again, I say rejoice.
Rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say rejoice.
Rejoice.
God is faithful and he's able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Well, if you like this video today, I know it was kind of a different one, but I felt it was on my heart to tell you more about my life, more of my journey, what we've walked through, our testimonies, what the Lord's done with us.
And Megan's doing so much better and she's going to get better and better every single day.
I believe it.
Today is going to be different than it was yesterday.
That's what I believe for my Megan.
Well, please subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
If you're new here, if this is your first video to ever watch me, welcome.
Thank you for coming to our YouTube channel.
God bless you.
We believe that Jesus is Lord here.
We believe Jesus is a healer here.
So, if you believe that, you're going to like my channel because that's what we believe—that God has a plan for your life and that he loves you.
Well, if you could, like I said, subscribe, like, click the notification bell, all those things.
If you want to comment something nice down below, it helps with the algorithm.
You are helping get the gospel out every single day.
When you do that, you are helping us get the gospel out.
You're telling your neighbors about us.
You're telling your friends about us.
You're telling them that Jesus loves them.
This is a channel that will always tell that Jesus is coming and that he loves you.
Well, and I always close my little YouTube channel, my broadcast, out with this: Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and I hope you have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.